yep see how this is going
yep reckless driving this time I won't
hit anybody
least I'll try my best not to let me get
clear view of the road they're not
closer farther away over past I'm sorry
you gonna reverse just for a second just
for a second I swear I'll be back and
not hit anybody is best to my ability as
I possibly can
copper's did you get me for this I swear
to god this should be legal okay first
no no no no no no no no alright so
anyways though this looks gonna drop my
engine turn back on don't please don't
please don't
no God we're gonna hit someone okay see
this isn't that serious officers it's
just a little active just a little
accident God you guys are smart you got
more officers just for little me I
should be flattered or I would be if I
wasn't stuck here oh wow
officers I think I think I'm stuck here
oh wow
officers my driver is outside of my
vehicle
in fact I'll even let's see what was my
fuher player place looks like right now
I think I think we're stuck in a
cinematic officer officer I think I
think you've trapped me in the twilight
zone to something here because I can't
get out of this position aim opposite
this is not uncalled for my driver is
literally sitting there in the middle of
nowhere I don't even know why he's doing
there he's just he just he just he just
soar and he's just going through this
guy always checking out the California
truckers championship soon it's not like
it's not like a huge plot point that
we're gonna be going on cuz I think I
could win that thing - just give me just
give me a car that's invincible hey how
you doing taxi just just a warning
they're not able to catch me
I think they've realized my driver has
gained the power to fly yet so you might
just be waiting there for a while just
just a while this is my truck look like
it's in the position to be happy to see
you cuz it's not happy to see you it's a
problems to run you over
you just staring danger right down in
the face you just come in to be like
like yeah I love those thrill rides that
truck the other truck see all the trucks
ate you